I brought you the porridge cooked in my aunt's kitchen
Thank you
If it weren't for you and Yueer
I'm afraid this family has long since broken up
Auntie, what are you talking about?
This is what I should do.
I saw that bowl of porridge was cold just now.
So I had the kitchen reheat another bowl.
You can feed it to uncle, thank you.
Can't feed, husband
This porridge is not drinkable
Why can't you drink this porridge? It's poisonous.
What empress
What the hell is going on?
You have to ask him about it.
Husband, what do you mean by that?
Are you still playing dumb with me?
You are the descendant of the Chu family in Hedong, who was led by my second uncle to kill the family.
Chu Chu Chu Han
Am I right?
Hedong Chu's